Cows moo
This is a restricted
Negative generalization we're not saying that nothing moves
We're just saying that no cows moo
So
We have two ways of handling
This
Sentence
One idea
Is to treat it as the negation of
The restricted existential generalizations if you think about
Some cows moo
What it takes for that to be true
And then you think about what it would be like if that was false if it was false that some cows moo
Well I guess that would be a world where the cows have all gone silent so no cows moo
So if we pursue this strategy
Some cows moo
Is
Something is such that
It is a cow and it moves
So
It is a cow that's Ajax
It moves
That MX
Something is such that that's our existential quantifier so there's some Acts
Such that it is
A cow and moves
If it least one cow mood
That would be true
So
Its negation
The claim that it's not the case
That there's at least one thing the
It's both the cow and moose
Mean
That there is not out there even a single thing
What is a cow and moves the cows have all gone silent
No
Cows
But that is a correct answer
There's another way
To think of
Do cows move that is
Equivalent
Logically
But syntactically rather different
You can think of no cows moo is making a claim about all the cows
All cows moo makes the claim that all the cows moo
No cows moo
Makes the claim that all the cows
Don't move
So
All cows don't move
Every cow doesn't move
All cows don't move that's
Cows don't move so that's all cows don't move that's
Everything
Is such that
If it is a cow
Then it doesn't move
So
It's a cow that a checks
It moves is MX so it doesn't move is not MX
This is a conditional
Everything is such that so that's are you
Universal
Quantifier for all Acts
Ex is a cow
Then
Ex does not move again
All the cows have gone silent
No cows moo
This captures the same idea
Just in a different way
That is also
A correct answer